So we've looked at functions who have been looking functions for a little bit right now.
And so let's talk about something related to functions.
We understand that functions encloses logic and then we can return something or do some computing inside
of this structure and then we can return a result and so forth.
OK.
So if you look at this function here, it's a very simple.
So we say fine.
Add in a move pass two parameters.
OK, so A and B, and then we expect to return an integer and this integer is going to be the sum of
a plus b.
So if you were to call this function, you would pass in into a six, 10 and b another 10.
Then the result would be 20 because we returning a plus B, which in this case 10 plus 10 cuddling has
a more succinct way of creating functions such as this or any kind of function, really.
But let's start small.
What I'm talking about is a simplification of a function like this into something like this.
Now, if you look at this, it looks really strange and scary, but no worry, it's not that bad.
This is what we call a lambda.
What is a lambda expression will?
A lambda expression is a shorter way of describing a function.
So this is exactly the same function we had before I showed you earlier.
Except now we're using a lambda expression.
You can see here what we do is we sing vowels, so it's just like a variable.
And then we are attach it to a lambda.
So in this case, here we are, passing first to integers again, as you see there.
And then we have that arrow that says that we will be expecting to receive an ENT value.
And then we have the actual parameters that are going to be finding or sending right arguments in this
case are going to be passing in.
And then we have the result a plus B.
So essentially, this is what we have.
We have Val, that's the variable.
And then we have to type in this case, the type of these lambda dysfunction that doesn't have any name.
And then we have the parameters are going to be passing, which in this case A and B and D, we could
have added or attached the types to A and B the parameters.
But lambda in this case will infer from the types that we passing and the return type.
You see that that these two will have to be integers.
And of course, the body of a lambda.
So the lambda starts, well, we have those curly braces.
OK.
So the body there is where we actually will say return or something.
So what is that we can return a plus b?
There are many advantages for using lambdas because as you can see, it's way easier for us to just
look at Val some as an expression.
We can use it right away.
OK.
Of course, there are many other advantages to using Lambda, but I just want to start slowly so you
can get used to this idea because at first it's very strange to look at this syntax, but just marvel
at how this looks very simple.
We have two variable lambda types.
We have two parameters and we have a body all in one line.
And there you have it.
So here it is, the same function that we've talked about.
So very simple.
So we have parameter A. Each type can be also in type, and we're returning an integer because A-plus
B, it's going to be an integer.
So that's what's happening here.
So if I come here inside of me and say some past 12 and 12 such, and let's put that inside a print
so we can see something.
Let's go ahead and run.
We can see 24 is showing here.
OK, that's very good.
Now to transform this into a lambda, we do as follow.
We save Val.
As I showed earlier, we can give any name we want for this variable sum.
It's fine for now, let's just say, and just so that we don't have conflict with this sum here.
So I say add and then we're going to create the type right?
Meaning the types that we're going to be passing as arguments, also the type that will be returned.
So we put all of that inside of parentheses, at least the parameters.
This case is going to be an event and then we need to know what is the type we're going to be returning.
We do that by actually seeing Dash and greater than a sign like this, and we're going to say it.
That's the type we're going to be returning and then was say equal.
So now we're going to add the actual lambda.
So if you go like this, this is the land that we're talking about here.
So what?
We want to happen here?
Well, we need to, of course, receive those values that we are going to be adding together.
Those values are going to be we can say X, you can say D Y doesn't matter, really.
But in this case, we're going to say a comma B.
Those are the values that we're going to be receiving and we're going to do something with them, right?
I could also specify, say, A and B enter a section that is also valid.
But if you see this is a little bit redundant because, as I say.
The types of passing here already inferred here, so we don't really need to add the types, they're
also so going to get rid of those and then we're going to say return something in this case is going
to be the body.
So the body is where we're going to write the actual logic.
So in this case, I'm going to say a plus B, and there you have it.
So A and B, these represent whatever we passing as parameters or think of these as the actual function
and the type in this case.
Think of that as all of this part here.
OK.
So we're saying these are parameters.
This is the type that we expected to receive from our lambda.
And of course, inside of a parentheses, this is the lambda actual lambda.
We're going to say past the value.
In this case, it's going to be a and B.
We could have put all of that inside like this.
So a it's going to be the first parameter and B is the second one.
And then we say Arrow, and then we have the body.
So what is it that we want to do?
Right?
The result is going to be a plus b forget.
So if I come here, I can just see print again and say, add like that and I'm going to go ahead and
pass in this case, 12 and 10.
So one can see, let's see, print l.
And that way we have a new line this one again, and you can see we have this some showing 22.
So to define a lambda expression is always thinking this term.
So we have Val the lambda name.
In this case, you can see we said add that's lambda name.
And then we have call in and then we have put past into type.
So all of this is a type now.
We will see later that sometimes you don't want to return anything.
We'll see you later.
How to return void.
OK, in this case, we pass the types and then it will say equal, and then we pass the parameter list.
So in this case, we only have two parameters because that's where we specify.
But if we had another parameter here, let's say a string, and then that means then here it can pass
a string like say, See, OK, this trend is never used it, then we can't actually do anything.
But in this case, there it is.
So you can see now is a print ad. Here it's going to be expecting a string and going to see an empty
string or hello.
If you run again, you can see nothing with this change because we haven't really use this string here.
It was just an example.
So I'm going to just remove this and get rid of this as well.
And this OK, so we can pass a list of parameters and then we have the arrow right and then we have
the code body.
So this is the code body here.
So as an exercise, I would like you to create a normal function like we did here some and then translate
it into a lambda expression.
So the function that I would like you to work with is this calculate that age.
So we already have this function here.
I want you to transform that into a lambda, just like we did with add here.
Before you go to the next video, go ahead and transform this function into a lambda expression.